UNIX Bonus Puzzlebox (pbx3)
===========================
Once again, your skills are put to the test; you are given a data file
that contains a scrambled ASCII art image that you must unravel and 
re-assemble, using only non-interactive command-line tools (no text
editors! no assistive scripts you didn't write!)

The final image can be identified by a top and bottom row of the 
uppercase letters of the alphabet, spaced out from A to Z.

The left and right-most columns contain a sequential line count, 
ranging from 00 to 38.

Use your experiences from the projects you've worked on, the various
experimentation you've done in your own time, referencing the manual
pages, and applying critical reasoning and common sense to solve this
puzzle.

Some tools you may want to investigate:
        - cat(1)
        - cut(1)
        - paste(1)
        - sort(1)
        - tr(1)
        - uudecode(1)
        - uniq(1)

NOTE: If you get a section that places the alphabetical heading out of
place, you'll want to sort it by a key (field 1, character 28-- 1.28).

Obviously, since it is a knowledge assessment, you cannot communicate
with others. You may ask the instructor or available tutors for 
clarification, but this exercise is meant for you to accomplish on
your own, we will not be providing assistance, nor should you receive
any from other individuals.

You can verify your results by comparing md5sum hashes- I have stored
the md5sum hash inside the MANIFEST file in the project public
directory (just as I've done for your recent projects).

Keep track of your steps, and place them in a working non-interactive
script by the name of "pbx3steps", which you will submit along with
your final ASCII art image, stored in a file called: "pbx3.results"

Your "pbx3steps" file, while I would hope you make use of various
shell facilities (like quotes, variables, wildcards), please do have
a focus on having the file be readable with respect to comments and
general file name references.

To submit, do the following:

    submit unix pbx3 pbx3.results pbx3steps

Some things I will be looking for:

	*:pbx3:submitted pbx3.results file via submit tool
	*:pbx3:pbx3.results is correctly unscrambled and assembled
	*:pbx3:pbx3.results md5sum matches project MANIFEST
	*:pbx3:submitted pbx3steps file via submit tool
	*:pbx3:pbx3steps contains valid list of instructions
	*:pbx3:pbx3steps uses shell features
	*:pbx3:pbx3steps contains comments explaining process
	*:pbx3:data file in public dir copied with absolute path
	*:pbx3:all other paths in pbx3steps are relative
	*:pbx3:if executed pbx3steps automates the project
