unittools - unit conversion suite of command-line tools
=======================================================
unittools is a collection of various unit conversion utilities that
can be used for transitioning values in one unit to another. They
provide a one-to-one mapping and are designed to work in command-
line pipelines.

How to compile
==============
Before you can use unittools, you first need to compile the source
code. This has been simplified with the use of a Makefile. All you
have to do (provided a capable C compiler is installed), is to type
'make' at the command-line and the process should commence. You
will see each tool be compiled, and hopefully in a successful
fashion.

How to install
==============
In order to make use of unittools for your endeavors, you will need
to install them into some directory in your PATH. Your personal bin
directory, located in the base of your home directory will do fine.

To install unittools into your own bin directory, simply run:

	make install

at the prompt. Once done you should be all set. Try seeing if the
tools are now available to you (try running 'cm2in' or any of the
other tools- if it doesn't come back saying "No such file or
directory", then the install was successful).

If not you may want to try logging out and logging back in.

How to use
==========
The various unittools, named for the units they convert from and 
the units they convert to, expect input data via STDIN, and will
output the converted value to STDOUT. This makes them quite handy
in command-line pipelines.

There are various arguments available for each tool, which can be
used to alter the default behavior. Run the specific tool with the
'-h' (without quotes) argument, and you will see its usage
information.
